Alice has an umbrella and a raincoat so she is dry.
Alice has an umbrella and a torn raincoat so she is dry.
Alice goes out with her umbrella so she remains dry
Alice goes out without her umbrella so she remains dry.
If Alice has an umbrella, then she will be dry.
If Alice has a skirt, then she will be dry.
The supporting cable snapped and the truck was overloaded so the bridge collapsed.
The supporting cable snapped and the truck was light so the bridge collapsed.
If the cable is snapped, then the bridge will collapse.
If the cable is strong, then the bridge will collapse.
Alice was ill and distracted so she performed poorly.
Alice was ill and focused so she performed poorly.
If Alice is ill, then she will perform poorly.
If Alice is well, then she will perform poorly.
There was a technical malfunction and a storm so the flight was cancelled.
There was a technical malfunction and fair weather so the flight was cancelled.
If there is bad weather, then the flight will be cancelled.
If there is fair weather, then the flight will be cancelled.
Alice was prescribed antibiotics and her immune system was strong so she recovered.
Alice was prescribed antibiotics and her immune system was weak so she recovered.
If Alice is given antibiotics, then she will recover.
If Alice is given poison, then she will recover.
A tree has fallen onto a car, so the car is crushed.
A leaf has fallen onto a car, so the car is crushed.
If a tree falls onto a car, then the car will be crushed.
If a leaf falls onto a car, then the car will be crushed.
Alice fed the fire so the fire became larger.
Alice extinguished the fire so the fire became larger.
If Alice feeds the fire, then the fire will become larger.
If Alice extinguishes the fire, then the fire will become larger.
Lightning struck a tree so it burned.
Marbles struck a tree so it burned.
If lightning strikes a tree, then it will burn.
If marbles strike a tree, then it will burn.
Alice dropped the glass so it shattered.
Alice held the glass so it shattered.
If Alice drops the glass, then it will shatter.
If Alice holds the glass, then it will shatter.
The doctor diagnosed the illness early so the patient recovered.
The doctor diagnosed the illness late so the patient recovered.
If the doctor diagnoses the illness early, then the patient will recover.
If the doctor diagnoses the illness late, then the patient will recover.
There was a storm so the river flooded.
There was a fire so the river flooded.
If there is a storm, then the river will flood.
If there is a fire, then the river will flood.
The instructions were clear so the task was easy.
The instructions were unclear so the task was easy.
If the instructions are clear, then the task will be easy.
If the instructions are unclear, then the task will be easy.
The driver had quick reflexes so a collision was avoided.
The driver had slow reflexes so a collision was avoided.
If the driver has quick reflexes, then a collision will be avoided.
If the driver has slow reflexes, then a collision will be avoided.
Alice neglected the plants so they wilted.
Alice watered the plants so they wilted.
If Alice neglects the plants, then they will wilt.
If Alice waters the plants, then they will wilt.
The company had poor cybersecurity, so they were hacked.
The company had strong cybersecurity, so they were hacked.
If the company has poor cybersecurity, then they will be hacked.
If the company has strong cybersecurity, then they will be hacked.
The team won the championship because they trained hard.
The team lost the championship because they trained hard.
If the team trains hard, then they will win.
If the team trains infrequently, then they will win.
